The bead glowed.
Is it the legendary night pearl?
Okay, let's turn on the lights
It really is the night pearl
It is said that when Lafayette died
One in my mouth
This moment today
I can't even shout it out of my mouth. It's a new hour hand
At the auction
There's only about a billion left.
1 billion to the Virgin
Send 1 billion high life group really rich
It's bigger than the Galeries Lafayette one.
That's pretty cool.
Now although there are artificially cultivated malachite
But your big malachite
Cultured or not
It's priceless
I'm so excited.
You see this is not an antique
Today is Grandpa Hou's birthday banquet
I didn't say I had to send antiques
And the comparison just now
I didn't say I have to understand
Mr. Song is right
old man
I haven't said that you have to be Mr. Hu to accept it.
It's your turn.
Liang Shao, bring my acceptance up